docs (#863)
Azure/autorest.java: docs/client/models.md

# <img align="center" src="../images/logo.png">  Accessing Models and Enums

## General

> Models and enums are generated in the `models` namespace. So, say you are using package `azure.pets`. To access model `Dog`, you would use the following code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models and enums are generated in the `models` sub-package. So, say you are using package `azure.pets`. To access model `Dog`, you would use the following code snippet
```

> snippet

Reviewer: Why is this on a separate line?

Author: I think I just did it to make it cleaner looking at the raw markdown file. Doesn't render any differently in actual markdown, but I'll get rid of the separate line bc it looks a little weird

```java
import azure.pets.models.Dog

> ```

Reviewer: Imports in Java IDEs are automatic - we can remove any instructions to import.

You access properties of the model through getters, so getting the name of the dog would look like

```java
package com.azure.pets;

import azure.pets.models.Dog;

public static void main(String args[])
{
    String dogName = Dog().getName();
}
```

You set properties of the model through setters, so setting the name of the dog would look like

```java
package com.azure.pets;

import azure.pets.models.Dog;

public static void main(String args[])
{
    Dog dog = new Dog();
    dog.setName("goodBoy");
}
```

Enums are also listed in the `models` namespace, so say you have enum class `DogTypes`. To access the `DALMATION` enum, your code would look like

```java
package com.azure.pets;

import azure.pets.models.DogTypes;

public static void main(String args[])
{

>     String myDogType = DogTypes.DALMATION;

Reviewer: In Java the return type would be `DogTypes` even for expandable enums.
